Add web component custom events documentation (#630)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-design-system-documentation: src/_documentation/for-developers.md

<VaExampleComponent exampleProp={exampleFunction} />
```

#### Custom Events

> Some of the Design System web components have custom events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the Design System web components allow for custom events.
```

> If you must use custom events and you're not using JSX, you must add an event listener using the event name as the event type. Given an event named `vaChange`, use: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you must use custom events and you're **not** using JSX, you must add an event listener using the event name as the event type. Given an event named `vaChange`, use: 
```

```js
const element = document.querySelector('va-example-component');
element.addEventListener('vaChange', event => { /* your listener */ })
```

> If you must use custom events and you're using JSX, you must prefix events with `on`. Given an event named `vaChange`, use `onVaChange`.

Reviewer: Since it is more common to use JSX, I would switch these and put the JSX instructions first and the non-JSX directions second.

Author: I'll update it to that, thanks!
